Add upgrade-config setting restoreVM document (#641)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/singlenodeclusters.md

## Upgrades and Maintenance

> Single-node clusters do not support [Live Migration](../vm/live-migration.md), so VMs become unavailable during cluster upgrades. Harvester forcibly shuts down all VMs before starting the upgrade process. To restore running VMs after upgrade, please set `restoreVM` to true in the [`upgrade-config` setting](./settings.md#upgrade-config).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Single-node clusters do not support [Live Migration](../vm/live-migration.md), so VMs become unavailable during cluster upgrades. Harvester forcibly shuts down all VMs before starting the upgrade process. You can configure Harvester to automatically restore running VMs using the `restoreVM` option of the [`upgrade-config`](./settings.md#upgrade-config) setting.
```

Author: Thanks for reviewing, all comments are addressed.
